
# ToDo:

- complete rai-python tutorials
  - JN 1: complete
  - JN 2: complete
  - JN 3: complete
  - JN 4: complete
  - JN 5 (Constrained Graph Optimiaztion): not working also difficult to get whats actually going on 
  - JN 6P (KOMO Physics): Not working but looks like also time optimization was also used 
  - JN 6S: not working also difficult to understand
  - JN 9:
  - sim1-physics: ?
  - lgp1-pickAndPlace: not working

- self coded example optimization problem with robot model?

# Meeting Notes from KW 49:

## KOMO specific:

- Why is the actual optimal position not reached every time? (is the optimization problem that difficult? Does the solver get stuck in local optima there?)

solver settings

adding noise and reinitialize

could be do to problem setting (robot model)

- nearly no optimization problem seems to be an feasible solution, often the eq or ineq terms are not zero/negative 

Till some degree acceptable, depending on the used weights (between 0 and 1)

just check the visualization 

- how to decide which feature should be part of the sos, ineq and eq? It seems like they can often be all three types

what has to be met -> equality

- What is the time actually defining? -> Time points at which the feature is active but what is the over all time frame? Last timepoint that is specified? 

check function definition 

[] all the times

- how to choose solver/algorithm

exposing it to python later

- how to set up a kinematic model to use in komo (.g files ?)

input 3 dimensional Vector x,y,z force

just simulate it as point mass 

order two komo problem

1 phase, 100 timesteps, 0.1 s per timestep

constraints: mag of acceleration [2 m/s2] and for velocity [0.5 m/s] mass 30 g

- Is there any possibility to show the coordinate systems of the single frames?

add in the g file a child to the desired frame as object{} -> objF(object) {shape:marker...}

## Model specific

 - what is the interface for the quadcopters? Do they need Torques/rotationspeed for every motor or just the trajectory which they should follow?

probably later

## General:

- What about literature research? Or is it more a practical Thesis?

probably for time optimization 

